c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\my_project.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\my_project.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\obj\Debug\my_project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\obj\Debug\my_project.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\obj\Debug\my_project.pdb
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\ClosedXML.dll
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\DocumentFormat.OpenXml.dll
C:\Users\asus\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\my_project\my_project\bin\ClosedXML.xml
